Explicitly define RenderedContent as a subclass of FormattedContent (#1242)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/issue1242-explicity-define-RenderedContent-as-subclass.md

### Minor Updates

> - Changed `gist:RenderedContent` to be explicitly defined as a subclass of `gist:FormattedContent`. Issue [#1242](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1242).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explicitly defined `gist:RenderedContent` to be a subclass of `gist:FormattedContent`. (This is not a major change, since reasoners would already infer this.) Issue [#1242](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1242).
```
